[Music]
yes
very good hearts how are you time
well I hope you are enjoying
this Wednesday loaded with salt or
loaded with salt or we have a lot of
news that they told and I am going to share
with you a video that
Mercedes Milá the queen of Big Brother
the original queen of 'Big Brother' has uploaded to her
'tik tok' account explaining why she would
not return to Big Brother something that
she asks everyone you already know
that I was a big fan of Big Brother
when it was Big Brother when
Thursday nights were magical and it was
when Mercedes Milá was presenting it
many years ago okay already the moment she
took the reins of the farmhouse not
as he calls it Jorge Javier Vázquez
one that was that was already a 24
hour sálvame and the way of conducting it in
which not even the presenter got
as involved as Mercedes
Milá would we are talking about that Mercedes
Milá not only lived it and loved the
format but even while
the edition was in progress she moved to
a house nearby  From Guadalix de la Sierra,
24 hours pending, they would stop by the
house, she would watch him in the hallways, she was
aware of all the stories,
all the moves, she is the one who lived it, you
know she lived it, no one can present
a reality show like Big Brother, no one can
present Big Brother like her, that was a
union, as if they were attached to an
umbilical cord and that's how it happened, no, Big
Brother left, it went down without
Mercedes Mila, what a shame, the truth is that
this is how things are, no, I think there were
also negotiation problems, it has
n't always been said that there were problems
negotiating contracts, money
and salaries, but I don't know if that would be the case,
I imagine that it could be, no, the
point is, I hope even if it were an
anonymous edition, Mercedes Mila did it,
I hope at least it was one, she did it
to give some closure, no,
no, but anyway, I'll leave you with the video, leave
a lot to know in the comments box
what you think, a huge hug and until the
next one, I don't explain many times,
but I'll explain it again here again,
I think you have to know how to cut
things off  when up to 16 years doing the
same thing excited me to do the
same thing there is a moment when you believe that your
head
if you don't do it gives you the orders to
stop and that's what happened to me, I mean I
was really bad when I finished Big
Brother it was a golden time for me
the whole time I was doing Big
Brother' golden, authentically golden and
happy but I wouldn't go back to that
format the truth but I'm not saying that it's
definitive because I'm not saying that it's not
definitive at all but I do say that my
intention today is not to go back continue
with the investigation of Movistar
continue with Mila versus Mila look for other
formats that with María Ruiz and with David
Moncasi we are looking for and do
new things like I've done all my life I've never
looked back to repeat I hope you understand me
thanks for the support it's impressive
[Music]